Improve the general structure, add components to core concepts (#81)
AdRoll/baker: content/en/docs/Core concepts/_index.md

## Components

To process records, Baker uses up to 4 component types, each one with a different job:

* **Input** reads the input records (as raw data) and sends them to Baker
* Baker parses the records from the raw bytes received by the input and sends them through
the filter chain, an ordered list of **Filter** components that can modify, drop or create Records
* At the end of the filter chain, the records are sent to the **Output** component, whose job is

> to save them somewhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to save them somewhere.
```

> * An optional **Upload** component can receive the files produced by the Output and upload them to
> their final destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An optional **Upload** component receives the files produced by the Output and upload them to
their final destination.
```
